README.md, before:

# TruckCompany

This application was generated using JHipster 3.9.1, you can find documentation and help at [https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.9.1](https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.9.1).

## Development

Before you can build this project, you must install and configure the following dependencies on your machine:
1. [Node.js][]: We use Node to run a development web server and build the project.
   Depending on your system, you can install Node either from source or as a pre-packaged bundle.

After installing Node, you should be able to run the following command to install development tools (like
[Bower][] and [BrowserSync][]). You will only need to run this command when dependencies change in package.json.

    npm install

We use [Gulp][] as our build system. Install the Gulp command-line tool globally with:

    npm install -g gulp-cli

Run the following commands in two separate terminals to create a blissful development experience where your browser
auto-refreshes when files change on your hard drive.

    ./mvnw
    gulp

Bower is used to manage CSS and JavaScript dependencies used in this application. You can upgrade dependencies by
specifying a newer version in `bower.json`. You can also run `bower update` and `bower install` to manage dependencies.
Add the `-h` flag on any command to see how you can use it. For example, `bower update -h`.

For further instructions on how to develop with JHipster, have a look at [Using JHipster in development][].

## Building for production

To optimize the TruckCompany application for production, run:

    ./mvnw -Pprod clean package

This will concatenate and minify the client CSS and JavaScript files. It will also modify `index.html` so it references these new files.
To ensure everything worked, run:

    java -jar target/*.war

Then navigate to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in your browser.

Refer to [Using JHipster in production][] for more details.

## Testing

To launch your application's tests, run:

    ./mvnw clean test

### Client tests

Unit tests are run by [Karma][] and written with [Jasmine][]. They're located in `src/test/javascript/` and can be run with:

    gulp test



For more information, refer to the [Running tests page][].

## Using Docker to simplify development (optional)

You can use Docker to improve your JHipster development experience. A number of docker-compose configuration are available in the `src/main/docker` folder to launch required third party services.
For example, to start a mysql database in a docker container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/mysql.yml up -d

To stop it and remove the container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/mysql.yml down

You can also fully dockerize your application and all the services that it depends on.
To achieve this, first build a docker image of your app by running:

    ./mvnw package -Pprod docker:build

Then run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/app.yml up -d

For more information refer to [Using Docker and Docker-Compose][], this page also contains information on the docker-compose sub-generator (`yo jhipster:docker-compose`), which is able to generate docker configurations for one or several JHipster applications.

## Continuous Integration (optional)

To set up a CI environment, consult the [Setting up Continuous Integration][] page.

[JHipster Homepage and latest documentation]: https://jhipster.github.io
[JHipster 3.9.1 archive]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.9.1

[Using JHipster in development]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.9.1/development/
[Using Docker and Docker-Compose]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.9.1/docker-compose
[Using JHipster in production]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.9.1/production/
[Running tests page]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.9.1/running-tests/
[Setting up Continuous Integration]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.9.1/setting-up-ci/


[Node.js]: https://nodejs.org/
[Bower]: http://bower.io/
[Gulp]: http://gulpjs.com/
[BrowserSync]: http://www.browsersync.io/
[Karma]: http://karma-runner.github.io/
[Jasmine]: http://jasmine.github.io/2.0/introduction.html
[Protractor]: https://angular.github.io/protractor/

Commit message:

Create schema.xml for Apache Solr and update readme for github.

README.md, after:

# TruckCompany

This application was generated using JHipster 3.9.1, you can find documentation and help at [https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.9.1](https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.9.1).
## Set up Apache Solr
Before run this application you have to install Apche Solr following steps below:

- Install the latest version of Apache Solr (version was 6.3.0 during creating application) from the following location 
[Apache Solr](http://lucene.apache.org/solr/downloads.html)
- Extract uploaded folder on your machine and start the server. For starting server you have to go bin directory from the command prompt and issue the following command
```
    solr start
```
- Create core for application and stop the server. Issue the following command:
```
    solr create -c storages -d basic_configs
    solr stop -all
 ```
- Go to the folder <'solr_directory'>/server/solr/storages/conf. Insert file  'schema.xml' which is placed in root Github folder.
- Start Apache Solr again
```
    solr start
```
Apache Solr is ready and you can launch application.


## Development

Before you can build this project, you must install and configure the following dependencies on your machine:
1. [Node.js][]: We use Node to run a development web server and build the project.
   Depending on your system, you can install Node either from source or as a pre-packaged bundle.

After installing Node, you should be able to run the following command to install development tools (like
[Bower][] and [BrowserSync][]). You will only need to run this command when dependencies change in package.json.

    npm install

We use [Gulp][] as our build system. Install the Gulp command-line tool globally with:

    npm install -g gulp-cli

Run the following commands in two separate terminals to create a blissful development experience where your browser
auto-refreshes when files change on your hard drive.

    ./mvnw
    gulp

Bower is used to manage CSS and JavaScript dependencies used in this application. You can upgrade dependencies by
specifying a newer version in `bower.json`. You can also run `bower update` and `bower install` to manage dependencies.
Add the `-h` flag on any command to see how you can use it. For example, `bower update -h`.

For further instructions on how to develop with JHipster, have a look at [Using JHipster in development][].

## Building for production

To optimize the TruckCompany application for production, run:

    ./mvnw -Pprod clean package

This will concatenate and minify the client CSS and JavaScript files. It will also modify `index.html` so it references these new files.
To ensure everything worked, run:

    java -jar target/*.war

Then navigate to [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080) in your browser.

Refer to [Using JHipster in production][] for more details.

## Testing

To launch your application's tests, run:

    ./mvnw clean test

### Client tests

Unit tests are run by [Karma][] and written with [Jasmine][]. They're located in `src/test/javascript/` and can be run with:

    gulp test



For more information, refer to the [Running tests page][].

## Using Docker to simplify development (optional)

You can use Docker to improve your JHipster development experience. A number of docker-compose configuration are available in the `src/main/docker` folder to launch required third party services.
For example, to start a mysql database in a docker container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/mysql.yml up -d

To stop it and remove the container, run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/mysql.yml down

You can also fully dockerize your application and all the services that it depends on.
To achieve this, first build a docker image of your app by running:

    ./mvnw package -Pprod docker:build

Then run:

    docker-compose -f src/main/docker/app.yml up -d

For more information refer to [Using Docker and Docker-Compose][], this page also contains information on the docker-compose sub-generator (`yo jhipster:docker-compose`), which is able to generate docker configurations for one or several JHipster applications.

## Continuous Integration (optional)

To set up a CI environment, consult the [Setting up Continuous Integration][] page.

[JHipster Homepage and latest documentation]: https://jhipster.github.io
[JHipster 3.9.1 archive]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.9.1

[Using JHipster in development]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.9.1/development/
[Using Docker and Docker-Compose]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.9.1/docker-compose
[Using JHipster in production]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.9.1/production/
[Running tests page]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.9.1/running-tests/
[Setting up Continuous Integration]: https://jhipster.github.io/documentation-archive/v3.9.1/setting-up-ci/


[Node.js]: https://nodejs.org/
[Bower]: http://bower.io/
[Gulp]: http://gulpjs.com/
[BrowserSync]: http://www.browsersync.io/
[Karma]: http://karma-runner.github.io/
[Jasmine]: http://jasmine.github.io/2.0/introduction.html
[Protractor]: https://angular.github.io/protractor/
